---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfptmeta_alert Data Source - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Notifications"
description: |-
  Alerts let you monitor data including network traffic and activities, or various security events like password resets and missing certificates.
  You can examine and filter any type of event, as well as define alert notifications to be sent to email, webhooks (integrating with SaaS apps), PagerDuty or Slack.
  Alerts can configure either spike_condition or threshold_condition
---

# pfptmeta_alert (Data Source)

Alerts let you monitor data including network traffic and activities, or various security events like password resets and missing certificates.
You can examine and filter any type of event, as well as define alert notifications to be sent to email, webhooks (integrating with SaaS apps), PagerDuty or Slack.
Alerts can configure either `spike_condition` or `threshold_condition`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pfptmeta_alert" "alert" {
  id = "alr-123abc"
}

output "alert" {
  value = data.pfptmeta_alert.alert
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **channels** (List of String) List of notification channel IDs.
- **description** (String)
- **enabled** (Boolean)
- **group_by** (String) The group by field name.
- **name** (String)
- **notify_message** (String) Creates a custom message that will be sent to your notification channels.
	You can use free text and/or alert field names surrounded with a "${ }". For example, "${hits} have failed to login".
- **query_text** (String)
- **source_type** (String) Logs type. Supported log types:
	- **security_audit**- The `security_audit` logs provide the administrator visibility into events which are generated by device and user security-related activity, such as user authenticating into Proofpoint NaaS, users changing their passwords, posture check failures, etc. See [here](https://help.metanetworks.com/knowledgebase/admin_console_logs/#security-logs) for more.
	- **api_audit** - The `api_audit` logs captures details of administrator activity: the timestamp and identity of administrators who accessed the Proofpoint NaaS tenant, and configuration changes that were made by the administrator. See [here](https://help.metanetworks.com/knowledgebase/admin_console_logs/#audit-logs) for more.
	- **traffic_audit** - The `traffic_audit` logs provide detailed visibility into each element in the system covering network traffic including DNS and other OSI Layer 3 and 4 traffic details. See [here](https://help.metanetworks.com/knowledgebase/admin_console_logs/#traffic-logs) for more.
	- **metaproxy_audit** - The `metaproxy_audit` logs provide the administrator visibility into the clientless access from their employees into web applications configured via EasyLink policy. See [here](https://help.metanetworks.com/knowledgebase/admin_console_logs/#metaconnect-web-logs) for more.
	- **webfilter_audit** - The `webfilter_audit` logs provide the administrator visibility into the events generated by the Web Security engine. See [here](https://help.metanetworks.com/knowledgebase/logs_ws/) for more
.
- **spike_condition** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spike_condition))
- **threshold_condition** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--threshold_condition))
- **type** (String)
- **window** (Number) The time window of the check (in mins), ENUM: 1, 3, 5, 10, 30, 60, 360, 1440, 2880, 10080.

<a id="nestedatt--spike_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spike_condition`

Read-Only:

- **min_hits** (Number)
- **spike_ratio** (Number)
- **spike_type** (String)
- **time_diff** (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--threshold_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `threshold_condition`

Read-Only:

- **formula** (String)
- **op** (String)
- **threshold** (Number)
