---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Data Source pfptmeta_dlp_rule - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Web Security Resources"
description: |-
  Data Loss Prevention (DLP) mechanism provides a set of rules aimed at monitoring user behavior and preventing file-based data leaks.
  This is achieved by blocking or allowing admin-defined activity (file download or upload) if selected criteria were matched.
  The DLP rules include the following parameters:
  Resource (cloud app type, threat, content or country of origin).File type.Detectors as defined via a separate Proofpoint’s Data Loss Prevention application.
  The CASB proxy DLP takes full advantage of Proofpoint’s robust Enterprise DLP solution with its people-centric, scalable, cloud-based architecture.
---

# Data Source (pfptmeta_dlp_rule)

Data Loss Prevention (DLP) mechanism provides a set of rules aimed at monitoring user behavior and preventing file-based data leaks.
This is achieved by blocking or allowing admin-defined activity (file download or upload) if selected criteria were matched.
The DLP rules include the following parameters:

- Resource (cloud app type, threat, content or country of origin).
- File type.
- Detectors as defined via a separate Proofpoint’s Data Loss Prevention application.

The CASB proxy DLP takes full advantage of Proofpoint’s robust Enterprise DLP solution with its people-centric, scalable, cloud-based architecture.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pfptmeta_dlp_rule" "dlp" {
  id = "dlp-123abc"
}

output "dlp_rule" {
  value = data.pfptmeta_dlp_rule.dlp
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `action` (String) Enum: `BLOCK`, `LOG`.
This action determines what should be done in case a user performs a user action on files based on this DLP rule.
- `alert_level` (String) ENUM: `CRITICAL`, `HIGH`, `MEDIUM`, `LOW`. Alert severity level for this DLP rule.
- `all_resources` (Boolean) Indicates whether to evaluate all resources for scanning.
- `all_supported_file_types` (Boolean) Indicates whether all supported file types should get scanned.
- `apply_to_org` (Boolean) Indicates whether this dlp rule applies to the org.
- `cloud_apps` (List of String) List of [cloud app](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/cloud_app) IDs on which to apply the dlp rule.
- `content_types` (List of String) A list of content types. If a URL is found to be categorized under at least of one of them, file should get scanned. ENUM: `Abortion`, `Abused Drugs`, `Adult and Pornography`, `Alcohol and Tobacco`, `Auctions`, `Business and Economy`, `Cheating`, `Computer and Internet Info`, `Computer and Internet Security`, `Content Delivery Networks`, `Cult and Occult`, `Dating`, `Dead Sites`, `Dynamically Generated Content`, `Educational Institutions`, `Entertainment and Arts`, `Fashion and Beauty`, `Financial Services`, `Gambling`, `Games`, `Government`, `Gross`, `Hacking`, `Hate and Racism`, `Health and Medicine`, `Home and Garden`, `Hunting and Fishing`, `Illegal`, `Image and Video Search`, `Individual Stock Advice and Tools`, `Internet Portals`, `Internet Communications`, `Job Search`, `Kids`, `Legal`, `Local Information`, `Marijuana`, `Military`, `Motor Vehicles`, `Music`, `News and Media`, `Nudity`, `Online Greeting Cards`, `Parked Domains`, `Pay to Surf`, `Personal sites and Blogs`, `Personal Storage`, `Philosophy and Political Advocacy`, `Questionable`, `Real Estate`, `Recreation and Hobbies`, `Reference and Research`, `Religion`, `Search Engines`, `Sex Education`, `Shareware and Freeware`, `Shopping`, `Social Networking`, `Society`, `Sports`, `Streaming Media`, `Swimsuits and Intimate Apparel`, `Training and Tools`, `Translation`, `Travel`, `Violence`, `Weapons`, `Web Advertisements`, `Web-based Email`, `Web Hosting`
- `description` (String)
- `detectors` (List of String) A list of detectors. When one of the detectors is found during file scan the action will be applied.
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `exempt_sources` (List of String) Subgroup of 'sources' on which the DLP rule should not be applied.
- `file_parts` (List of String) A list of file parts to scan.
- `file_types` (List of String) A list of file types to scan. ENUM: `arj`, `csv`, `doc`, `docm`, `docx`, `dot`, `dotm`, `dotx`, `java`, `odp`, `ods`, `odt`, `pdf`, `perl`, `pot`, `potm`, `potx`, `ppa`, `ppam`, `pps`, `ppsm`, `ppsx`, `ppt`, `pptm`, `pptx`, `py`, `rtf`, `sh`, `sql`, `txt`, `xla`, `xlam`, `xlm`, `xls`, `xlsb`, `xlsm`, `xlsx`, `xlt`, `xltm`, `xltx`, `zip`
- `filter_expression` (String) Defines filtering expressions to ensure granularity in DLP rule application.
These expressions consist of the **{Key:Value}** tags according to the internal and external risk factors obtained from the following sources:

	- Proofpoint’s Nexus People Risk Explorer (NPRE).
	- Proofpoint’s Targeted Attack Protection (TAP).
	- CrowdStrike’s Falcon Zero Trust Assessment (ZTA).
	- Configured posture checks.
	- User-defined tags.
	- Auto-generated tags, such as platform type, device type, etc.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String)
- `priority` (Number) Determines the order in which the DLP rules are evaluated. The order is significant since among all the dlp rules that are relevant to a specific user, the one with the highest priority (smaller priority value) is the one to determine the dlp enforcement applied to that user.
- `resource_countries` (List of String) A list of countries in which this rule should be applied. Each country should be represented by a Alpha-2 code (ISO-3166). Enum: `AD`,`AE`,`AF`,`AG`,`AI`,`AL`,`AM`,`AO`,`AQ`,`AR`,`AS`,`AT`,`AU`,`AW`,`AX`,`AZ`,`BA`,`BB`,`BD`,`BE`,`BF`,`BG`,`BH`,`BI`,`BJ`,`BL`,`BM`,`BN`,`BO`,`BQ`,`BR`,`BS`,`BT`,`BV`,`BW`,`BY`,`BZ`,`CA`,`CC`,`CD`,`CF`,`CG`,`CH`,`CI`,`CK`,`CL`,`CM`,`CN`,`CO`,`CR`,`CU`,`CV`,`CW`,`CX`,`CY`,`CZ`,`DE`,`DJ`,`DK`,`DM`,`DO`,`DZ`,`EC`,`EE`,`EG`,`EH`,`ER`,`ES`,`ET`,`FI`,`FJ`,`FK`,`FM`,`FO`,`FR`,`GA`,`GB`,`GD`,`GE`,`GF`,`GG`,`GH`,`GI`,`GL`,`GM`,`GN`,`GP`,`GQ`,`GR`,`GS`,`GT`,`GU`,`GW`,`GY`,`HK`,`HM`,`HN`,`HR`,`HT`,`HU`,`ID`,`IE`,`IL`,`IM`,`IN`,`IO`,`IQ`,`IR`,`IS`,`IT`,`JE`,`JM`,`JO`,`JP`,`KE`,`KG`,`KH`,`KI`,`KM`,`KN`,`KP`,`KR`,`KW`,`KY`,`KZ`,`LA`,`LB`,`LC`,`LI`,`LK`,`LR`,`LS`,`LT`,`LU`,`LV`,`LY`,`MA`,`MC`,`MD`,`ME`,`MF`,`MG`,`MH`,`MK`,`ML`,`MM`,`MN`,`MO`,`MP`,`MQ`,`MR`,`MS`,`MT`,`MU`,`MV`,`MW`,`MX`,`MY`,`MZ`,`NA`,`NC`,`NE`,`NF`,`NG`,`NI`,`NL`,`NO`,`NP`,`NR`,`NU`,`NZ`,`OM`,`PA`,`PE`,`PF`,`PG`,`PH`,`PK`,`PL`,`PM`,`PN`,`PR`,`PS`,`PT`,`PW`,`PY`,`QA`,`RE`,`RO`,`RS`,`RU`,`RW`,`SA`,`SB`,`SC`,`SD`,`SE`,`SG`,`SH`,`SI`,`SJ`,`SK`,`SL`,`SM`,`SN`,`SO`,`SR`,`SS`,`ST`,`SV`,`SX`,`SY`,`SZ`,`TC`,`TD`,`TF`,`TG`,`TH`,`TJ`,`TK`,`TL`,`TM`,`TN`,`TO`,`TR`,`TT`,`TV`,`TW`,`TZ`,`UA`,`UG`,`UM`,`US`,`UY`,`UZ`,`VA`,`VC`,`VE`,`VG`,`VI`,`VN`,`VU`,`WF`,`WS`,`YE`,`YT`,`ZA`,`ZM`,`ZW`
- `sources` (List of String) Users and groups on which the DLP rule should be applied.
- `threat_types` (List of String) A list of threat types. If a URL is found to be categorized under at least of one of them, file should get scanned. ENUM: `Abused TLD`, `Bitcoin Related`, `Blackhole`, `Botnets`, `Brute Forcer`, `Chat Server`, `CnC`, `Compromised`, `DDoS Target`, `Drop`, `DynDNS`, `EXE Source`, `Fake AV`, `IP Check`, `Keyloggers and Monitoring`, `Malware Sites`, `Mobile CnC`, `Mobile Spyware CnC`, `Online Gaming`, `P2P CnC`, `Peer to Peer`, `Parking`, `Phishing and Other Frauds`, `Private IP Addresses`, `Proxy Avoidance and Anonymizers`, `Remote Access Service`, `Scanner`, `Self Signed SSL`, `SPAM URLs`, `Spyware and Adware`, `Tor`, `Undesirable`, `Utility`, `VPN`
- `user_actions` (List of String) A list of user actions on files for which to scan the file. ENUM: `DOWNLOAD`, `UPLOAD`, `CREATE`, `EDIT`, `SHARE`, `POST`, `DELETE`, `LIKE`.
