---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfptmeta_easylink Data Source - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Network Resources"
description: |-
  Proofpoint provides two access modes for end users:
  Agent-based, allows users access to resources natively, after establishing a VPN connection and authenticating using the Proofpoint Agent client.Clientless, or MetaConnect (MC), allows users to access resources via supported browsers, without any client installation.
  MetaConnect eliminates the need to install an agent and establish a VPN connection. Users access internal applications from a dedicated web (MetaConnect) portal. After authentication, the users see the list of applications that they are allowed to access. Alternatively, users can use a static FQDN to access their private apps directly. MetaConnect can be used to access web applications (HTTP or HTTPS), or servers via RDP, SSH or VNC.
  There are several use cases for using MetaConnect access mode. It is well suited for instances when an agent cannot be used, such as with external contractors or personal/BYO devices.
  Clientless applications are defined using EasyLinks. An EasyLink defines the application (internal host, protocol and port), the users assigned to this application, the URL type, etc.
  See here https://help.metanetworks.com/knowledgebase/easylinks/ for more details.
---

# pfptmeta_easylink (Data Source)

Proofpoint provides two access modes for end users:

- Agent-based, allows users access to resources natively, after establishing a VPN connection and authenticating using the Proofpoint Agent client.

- Clientless, or MetaConnect (MC), allows users to access resources via supported browsers, without any client installation.

MetaConnect eliminates the need to install an agent and establish a VPN connection. Users access internal applications from a dedicated web (MetaConnect) portal. After authentication, the users see the list of applications that they are allowed to access. Alternatively, users can use a static FQDN to access their private apps directly. MetaConnect can be used to access web applications (HTTP or HTTPS), or servers via RDP, SSH or VNC.

There are several use cases for using MetaConnect access mode. It is well suited for instances when an agent cannot be used, such as with external contractors or personal/BYO devices.

Clientless applications are defined using EasyLinks. An EasyLink defines the application (internal host, protocol and port), the users assigned to this application, the URL type, etc.

See [here](https://help.metanetworks.com/knowledgebase/easylinks/) for more details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pfptmeta_easylink" "easylink" {
  id = "el-123abc"
}

output "easylink" {
  value = data.pfptmeta_easylink.easylink
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **access_fqdn** (String) External FQDN to be associated with the current EasyLink, required when `access_type` is set to `redirect` or `native`.
- **access_type** (String) When creating an Easylink, you need to select the appropriate access (URL) type.

	- **meta** – Use Proofpoint-generated URL as the application entry point and throughout the browsing session.

	- **redirect** – Use your own (vanity) FQDN as the application access entry point, and redirect to Proofpoint-generated URL for the rest of browsing session.

	- **native** – Use your own (vanity) FQDN as the application entry point and throughout the browsing session. Only web-based apps (HTTP or HTTPS) are supported.
- **audit** (Boolean) When enabled, all web traffic is logged to the MetaConnect Web log. Logging is only applicable when `protocol` is either `http` or `https`.
- **certificate_id** (String) Required when `access_type` is set to `redirect` or `native`. MetaConnect provides a secure connection with HTTPS. For the end-user browser to trust the domain, you must generate an SSL certificate for the external application FQDN using the `pfptmeta_certificate` resource.
- **description** (String)
- **domain_name** (String) FQDN or IPv4 of the application defined by the EasyLink.
- **enable_sni** (Boolean) Defines whether to enable SNI or not. The SNI can be enabled only when `protocol` is set to `https`.
- **mapped_element_id** (String) Hosting resource for Mapped Subnet or Mapped Service network elements if the host is to reside permanently within this resource. This field is required when the host is an IPv4 address.
- **name** (String)
- **port** (Number) The port of the application defined by the EasyLink.
- **protocol** (String) The protocol of the application defined by the EasyLink. ENUM: `ssh`, `rdp`, `vnc`, `http`, `https`.
- **proxy** (List of Object) Additional proxy configuration, available only when `protocol` is set to `http` or `https`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy))
- **rdp** (List of Object) Additional RDP configuration, available only when `protocol` is set to `rdp`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rdp))
- **root_path** (String) The root path of the application defined by the EasyLink, when `protocol` is `http` or `https`.
- **version** (Number)
- **viewers** (Set of String) User or group IDs that will be granted access to the application defined by the EasyLink.

<a id="nestedatt--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Read-Only:

- **enterprise_access** (Boolean)
- **hosts** (List of String)
- **http_host_header** (String)
- **rewrite_content_types** (List of String)
- **rewrite_hosts** (Boolean)
- **rewrite_hosts_client** (Boolean)
- **rewrite_http** (Boolean)
- **shared_cookies** (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--rdp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rdp`

Read-Only:

- **remote_app** (String)
- **remote_app_cmd_args** (String)
- **remote_app_work_dir** (String)
- **security** (String)
- **server_keyboard_layout** (String)
