---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfptmeta_egress_route Data Source - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Network Resources"
description: |-
  Egress routes allow traffic from a defined source (groups, users, devices or any other network element) to be routed to a specific MetaPort.
  This can be useful for a variety of use cases including testing, security and compliance.
  For example, you can define egress rules for SaaS applications that require access from a specific region for regulatory purposes.
  You can set up egress rules to route traffic from a source to a MetaPort in your own data center or public cloud instance for service chaining or any type of traffic manipulation.
---

# pfptmeta_egress_route (Data Source)

Egress routes allow traffic from a defined source (groups, users, devices or any other network element) to be routed to a specific MetaPort.
This can be useful for a variety of use cases including testing, security and compliance.
For example, you can define egress rules for SaaS applications that require access from a specific region for regulatory purposes.
You can set up egress rules to route traffic from a source to a MetaPort in your own data center or public cloud instance for service chaining or any type of traffic manipulation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pfptmeta_egress_route" "egress_route" {
  id = "er-123abc"
}

output "egress_route" {
  value = data.pfptmeta_egress_route.egress_route
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **description** (String)
- **destinations** (List of String) Target hostnames or domains.
- **enabled** (Boolean)
- **exempt_sources** (List of String) Entities (users, groups or network elements) to be excluded from the egress route.
- **name** (String)
- **sources** (List of String) Entities (users, groups or network elements) to be affected by the egress route (cannot be a Mapped Subnet if `via` is also a Mapped Subnet).
- **via** (String) Defines how the traffic will be routed:
	- **DIRECT**: Directs the traffic to egress from the same PoP it has entered. Use it to override other, less specific egress rules.
	- **Mapped Subnet ID**: Directs the traffic to egress via specified mapped subnet.
	- **Region**: Directs the traffic to egress from a specific region, see `location` data-source.
