---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfptmeta_posture_check Data Source - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Device Management"
description: |-
  Posture checks are administrator-defined sets of criteria allowing to or preventing the user devices from connecting to Proofpoint NaaS.
  Administrators can use SQL to create real-world conditions based on underlying information from the operating system and its hardware or choose from a list of common pre-defined conditions.
  For example, the presence (or absence) of a specified file or a system process can serve as a pre-condition for letting a device to access the Proofpoint NaaS.
  The posture checks can be based on SQL query strings. The queries use the osquery framework, see osquery.io https://osquery.io/ for details on osquery.
  Posture checks can be viewed and filtered by failure via security logs see here https://help.metanetworks.com/knowledgebase/posture_checks for more details.
---

# pfptmeta_posture_check (Data Source)

Posture checks are administrator-defined sets of criteria allowing to or preventing the user devices from connecting to Proofpoint NaaS.
Administrators can use SQL to create real-world conditions based on underlying information from the operating system and its hardware or choose from a list of common pre-defined conditions.
For example, the presence (or absence) of a specified file or a system process can serve as a pre-condition for letting a device to access the Proofpoint NaaS.
The posture checks can be based on SQL query strings. The queries use the osquery framework, see [osquery.io](https://osquery.io/) for details on osquery.
Posture checks can be viewed and filtered by failure via security logs see [here](https://help.metanetworks.com/knowledgebase/posture_checks) for more details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pfptmeta_posture_check" "check" {
  id = "pc-123abc"
}

output "check" {
  value = data.pfptmeta_posture_check.check
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **action** (String) Action to take in case a posture check fails. ENUM: `DISCONNECT`, `NONE`:
	- **Disconnect** - disconnect device from Proofpoint NaaS.
	- **None** - do nothing, useful during the discovery phase.
- **apply_to_entities** (List of String) Entities (users, groups or network elements) to be applied in the posture check.
- **apply_to_org** (Boolean) Whether to apply to all devices on the organization. Note: this attribute overrides `apply_to_entities`
- **check** (List of Object) Predefined checks. cannot be set with `osquery`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--check))
- **description** (String)
- **enabled** (Boolean)
- **exempt_entities** (List of String) Entities (users, groups or network elements) which are exempt from the posture check.
- **interval** (Number) Interval in minutes between checks, mandatory when `when` is set to `PERIODIC`. ENUM: 5, 60.
- **name** (String)
- **osquery** (String) osquery to use in the posture check, see [here](https://osquery.io/) for more details.
- **platform** (String) Device platforms that should be applied in the posture check. ENUM: `Android`, `macOS`, `iOS`, `Linux`, `Windows`, `ChromeOS`.
- **user_message_on_fail** (String) Message to be displayed when posture check fails.
- **when** (List of String) When to run the check, ENUM: `PRE_CONNECT`, `PERIODIC`.

<a id="nestedatt--check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `check`

Read-Only:

- **min_version** (String)
- **type** (String)
