---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfptmeta_scan_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Scan mechanism provides a set of rules aimed at monitoring user behavior and preventing file-based data leaks.
  This is achieved by blocking or allowing admin-defined activity if selected criteria were matched.
  The Scan rules include the following parameters:
  Resource.Malware.File type.Detectors as defined via a separate Proofpoint’s Data Loss Prevention application.
  The CASB proxy Scan takes full advantage of Proofpoint’s robust Enterprise Scan solution with its people-centric, scalable, cloud-based architecture.
---

# pfptmeta_scan_rule (Data Source)

Scan mechanism provides a set of rules aimed at monitoring user behavior and preventing file-based data leaks.
This is achieved by blocking or allowing admin-defined activity if selected criteria were matched.
The Scan rules include the following parameters:

- Resource.
- Malware.
- File type.
- Detectors as defined via a separate Proofpoint’s Data Loss Prevention application.

The CASB proxy Scan takes full advantage of Proofpoint’s robust Enterprise Scan solution with its people-centric, scalable, cloud-based architecture.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `access_ids` (List of String) Devices on which the Scan rule should be applied
- `action` (String) Enum: `BLOCK`, `LOG`.
This action determines what should be done in case a user performs a user action on files based on this Scan rule.
- `all_supported_file_types` (Boolean) Indicates whether all supported file types should get scanned.
- `antivirus` (Boolean) Indicates whether files should be scanned by antivirus. Only relevant if malware is enabled.
- `apply_to_org` (Boolean) Indicates whether this scan rule applies to the org.
- `catalog_app_categories` (List of String) ENUM: `Instant Messaging`, `eCommerce`, `Content Management`, `Software Development`, `Project Management`, `Marketing`, `CRM`, `Telecommunications`, `Social and Communication`, `Productivity`, `Collaboration`, `Business and Finance`, `Utilities`, `IT Service Management`, `Social Networking`, `Office Document and Productivity`, `Cloud File Sharing`, `Web Meetings`, `Identity and Access Management`, `IT Services and Hosting`, `Webmail`, `Website Builder`, `Human Capital Management`, `Sales and CRM`, `E-commerce and Accounting`, `Streaming Media`, `Cloud Storage`, `Operations Management`, `Online Meeting`, `Supply Chain`, `Security and Compliance`, `Entertainment and Lifestyle`, `System and Network`, `Retail and Consumer Services`, `Health and Benefits`, `Data and Analytics`, `Education and References`, `Personal instant messaging`, `Legal`, `Other`, `Hosting Services`, `News and Media`, `Sales`, `Enterprise Resource Planning`, `Advertising`, `Travel and Transportation`, `Property Management`, `Government Services`, `Games`, `Code Hosting`.
List of catalog app categories that the Scan rule must process.
- `cloud_app_risk_groups` (List of String) ENUM: `imminent_targets`, `latent_targets`, `major_targets`, `soft_targets`, `very_attacked_apps`, `very_privileged_apps`, `very_vulnerable_apps`
List of cloud app NCRE based risk groups which the scan rule should process.
- `cloud_apps` (List of String) List of [cloud app](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/cloud_app) IDs on which to apply the scan rule.
- `content_categories` (List of String) List of [content category](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/content_category) IDs which the Scan rule should process.
- `countries` (List of String) A list of source countries in which this rule should be applied.Each country should be represented by a Alpha-2 code (ISO-3166).Enum: `AD`,`AE`,`AF`,`AG`,`AI`,`AL`,`AM`,`AO`,`AQ`,`AR`,`AS`,`AT`,`AU`,`AW`,`AX`,`AZ`,`BA`,`BB`,`BD`,`BE`,`BF`,`BG`,`BH`,`BI`,`BJ`,`BL`,`BM`,`BN`,`BO`,`BQ`,`BR`,`BS`,`BT`,`BV`,`BW`,`BY`,`BZ`,`CA`,`CC`,`CD`,`CF`,`CG`,`CH`,`CI`,`CK`,`CL`,`CM`,`CN`,`CO`,`CR`,`CU`,`CV`,`CW`,`CX`,`CY`,`CZ`,`DE`,`DJ`,`DK`,`DM`,`DO`,`DZ`,`EC`,`EE`,`EG`,`EH`,`ER`,`ES`,`ET`,`FI`,`FJ`,`FK`,`FM`,`FO`,`FR`,`GA`,`GB`,`GD`,`GE`,`GF`,`GG`,`GH`,`GI`,`GL`,`GM`,`GN`,`GP`,`GQ`,`GR`,`GS`,`GT`,`GU`,`GW`,`GY`,`HK`,`HM`,`HN`,`HR`,`HT`,`HU`,`ID`,`IE`,`IL`,`IM`,`IN`,`IO`,`IQ`,`IR`,`IS`,`IT`,`JE`,`JM`,`JO`,`JP`,`KE`,`KG`,`KH`,`KI`,`KM`,`KN`,`KP`,`KR`,`KW`,`KY`,`KZ`,`LA`,`LB`,`LC`,`LI`,`LK`,`LR`,`LS`,`LT`,`LU`,`LV`,`LY`,`MA`,`MC`,`MD`,`ME`,`MF`,`MG`,`MH`,`MK`,`ML`,`MM`,`MN`,`MO`,`MP`,`MQ`,`MR`,`MS`,`MT`,`MU`,`MV`,`MW`,`MX`,`MY`,`MZ`,`NA`,`NC`,`NE`,`NF`,`NG`,`NI`,`NL`,`NO`,`NP`,`NR`,`NU`,`NZ`,`OM`,`PA`,`PE`,`PF`,`PG`,`PH`,`PK`,`PL`,`PM`,`PN`,`PR`,`PS`,`PT`,`PW`,`PY`,`QA`,`RE`,`RO`,`RS`,`RU`,`RW`,`SA`,`SB`,`SC`,`SD`,`SE`,`SG`,`SH`,`SI`,`SJ`,`SK`,`SL`,`SM`,`SN`,`SO`,`SR`,`SS`,`ST`,`SV`,`SX`,`SY`,`SZ`,`TC`,`TD`,`TF`,`TG`,`TH`,`TJ`,`TK`,`TL`,`TM`,`TN`,`TO`,`TR`,`TT`,`TV`,`TW`,`TZ`,`UA`,`UG`,`UM`,`US`,`UY`,`UZ`,`VA`,`VC`,`VE`,`VG`,`VI`,`VN`,`VU`,`WF`,`WS`,`YE`,`YT`,`ZA`,`ZM`,`ZW`
- `description` (String)
- `detectors` (List of String) A list of detectors. When one of the detectors is found during file scan the action will be applied.
- `dlp` (Boolean) Enable dlp file scan according to the list of detectors.
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `exempt_sources` (List of String) Subgroup of 'sources' on which the Scan rule should not be applied.
- `file_types` (List of String) A list of file types to scan. ENUM: `7z`, `ace`, `arj`, `bat`, `cab`, `chm`, `contact`, `cpl`, `csv`, `dll`, `dmg`, `doc`, `docb`, `docm`, `docx`, `dot`, `dotm`, `dotx`, `exe`, `form`, `gz`, `gzip`, `hta`, `htm`, `html`, `img`, `inetloc`, `iqy`, `iso`, `jar`, `java`, `jnlp`, `js`, `lnk`, `mam`, `mht`, `mhtml`, `msi`, `odp`, `ods`, `odt`, `one`, `onepkg`, `pdf`, `perl`, `php`, `pkg`, `plist`, `pot`, `potm`, `potx`, `ppa`, `ppam`, `pps`, `ppsm`, `ppsx`, `ppt`, `pptm`, `pptx`, `ps`, `ps1`, `ps1xml`, `ps2`, `ps2xml`, `psc1`, `psc2`, `pub`, `py`, `rar`, `reg`, `rtf`, `sh`, `shtm`, `shtml`, `slk`, `sql`, `swf`, `txt`, `vb`, `vbe`, `vbs`, `vbscript`, `vcard`, `vcf`, `vcs`, `vhd`, `vhdx`, `wll`, `wmv`, `xht`, `xla`, `xlam`, `xll`, `xlm`, `xls`, `xlsb`, `xlsm`, `xlsx`, `xlt`, `xltm`, `xltx`, `xps`, `xxe`, `zip`
- `filter_expression` (String) Defines filtering expressions to ensure granularity in Scan rule application.
These expressions consist of the **{Key:Value}** tags according to the internal and external risk factors obtained from the following sources:

	- Proofpoint’s Nexus People Risk Explorer (NPRE).
	- Proofpoint’s Targeted Attack Protection (TAP).
	- CrowdStrike’s Falcon Zero Trust Assessment (ZTA).
	- Configured posture checks.
	- User-defined tags.
	- Auto-generated tags, such as platform type, device type, etc.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `malware` (Boolean) Indicates whether malware should be scanned for upload and or download of files according to the defined user actions.
- `max_file_size_mb` (Number) The maximal size of a file in MB to scan. Any file larger than this threshold will get processed. If not specified, no limit on maximal file size is enforced.
- `name` (String)
- `networks` (List of String) List of source [IP network](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/ip_network) IDs the Scan rule applies on
- `password_protected_files` (Boolean) Indicates whether password protected files should get processed.
- `priority` (Number) Determines the order in which the Scan rules are evaluated. The order is significant since among all the scan rules that are relevant to a specific user, the one with the highest priority (smaller priority value) is the one to determine the scan enforcement applied to that user.
- `sandbox` (Boolean) Indicates whether files should be sandboxed. Only relevant if malware is enabled.
- `sources` (List of String) Users and groups on which the Scan rule should be applied.
- `threat_categories` (List of String) List of [threat category](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/threat_category) IDs the Scan rule will protect against
- `user_actions` (List of String) A list of user actions on files for which to scan the file. ENUM: `DOWNLOAD`, `UPLOAD`, `CREATE`, `EDIT`, `SHARE`, `POST`, `DELETE`, `LIKE`.
- `user_agents` (List of String) ENUM: `Chrome`, `Safari`, `Edge`, `Firefox`, `Opera`, `IE`, `Electron`, `Outlook`, `Excel`, `PowerPoint
`A List of user agents on which the rule applies.
Meaning, in order for the rule to be evaluated, the user agent that was used to make the request must be on that list.


