---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Data Source pfptmeta_ssl_bypass_rule - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Web Security Resources"
description: |-
  You can define specific content types or domains that are not subject to SSL decryption as their traffic is directed through the proxy. The purpose of disabling decryption is to protect personal identification information. Currently, the bypassed SSL traffic is not recorded in the Web Security logs.
---

# Data Source (pfptmeta_ssl_bypass_rule)

You can define specific content types or domains that are not subject to SSL decryption as their traffic is directed through the proxy. The purpose of disabling decryption is to protect personal identification information. Currently, the bypassed SSL traffic is not recorded in the Web Security logs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pfptmeta_ssl_bypass_rule" "rule" {
  id = "sbr-123abc"
}

output "rule" {
  value = data.pfptmeta_ssl_bypass_rule.rule
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `apply_to_org` (Boolean) Indicates whether this SSL bypass rule applies to the org.
- `bypass_uncategorized_urls` (Boolean) Whether to SSL bypass uncategorized URLs.
- `content_types` (List of String) A List of content types. If a domain is found to be categorized under at least of one of them, it will be bypassed. `Abortion`, `Abused Drugs`, `Adult and Pornography`, `Alcohol and Tobacco`, `Auctions`, `Business and Economy`, `Cheating`, `Computer and Internet Info`, `Computer and Internet Security`, `Content Delivery Networks`, `Cult and Occult`, `Dating`, `Dead Sites`, `Dynamically Generated Content`, `Educational Institutions`, `Entertainment and Arts`, `Fashion and Beauty`, `Financial Services`, `Gambling`, `Games`, `Government`, `Gross`, `Hacking`, `Hate and Racism`, `Health and Medicine`, `Home and Garden`, `Hunting and Fishing`, `Illegal`, `Image and Video Search`, `Individual Stock Advice and Tools`, `Internet Portals`, `Internet Communications`, `Job Search`, `Kids`, `Legal`, `Local Information`, `Marijuana`, `Military`, `Motor Vehicles`, `Music`, `News and Media`, `Nudity`, `Online Greeting Cards`, `Parked Domains`, `Pay to Surf`, `Personal sites and Blogs`, `Personal Storage`, `Philosophy and Political Advocacy`, `Questionable`, `Real Estate`, `Recreation and Hobbies`, `Reference and Research`, `Religion`, `Search Engines`, `Sex Education`, `Shareware and Freeware`, `Shopping`, `Social Networking`, `Society`, `Sports`, `Streaming Media`, `Swimsuits and Intimate Apparel`, `Training and Tools`, `Translation`, `Travel`, `Violence`, `Weapons`, `Web Advertisements`, `Web-based Email`, `Web Hosting`
- `description` (String)
- `domains` (List of String) A list of domains to SSL bypass.
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `exempt_sources` (List of String) Subgroup of 'sources' on which the SSL bypass rule should not be applied
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String)
- `priority` (Number) Determines the order in which the SSL bypass rules are evaluated. The order is significant since among all the SSL bypass rules that are relevant to a specific user, the one with the highest priority (smaller priority value) is the one to determine the SSL Bypass enforcement applied to that user.
- `sources` (List of String) Users and groups on which the SSL bypass rule should be applied
