---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Data Source pfptmeta_url_filtering_rule - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Web Security Resources"
description: |-
  The Proofpoint Web Security solution protects against web-based security threats by defining URL filtering rules
  which include various content and threat categories, as well as cloud-based applications and tenant restrictions.
  With these measures, you can enforce company security policies and filter malicious internet traffic in real time.
---

# Data Source (pfptmeta_url_filtering_rule)

The Proofpoint Web Security solution protects against web-based security threats by defining URL filtering rules
which include various content and threat categories, as well as cloud-based applications and tenant restrictions.
With these measures, you can enforce company security policies and filter malicious internet traffic in real time.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pfptmeta_catalog_app" "catalog_app" {
  name     = "Google"
  category = "Property Management"
}

output "catalog_app" {
  value = data.pfptmeta_catalog_app.catalog_app
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `action` (String) Enum: `ISOLATION`, `BLOCK`, `LOG`, `RESTRICT`, `WARN`.
This action determines what should be done in case a user tries to reach a restricted URL based on this URL filtering rule.
- `advanced_threat_protection` (Boolean) Enables the first-rate security engine based on up-to-date web threat intelligence gathered from two decades of protecting the world's largest organizations from email-borne attacks.
- `apply_to_org` (Boolean) indicates whether this URL filtering rule applies to the org. Note: when enabled both 'sources' and 'exempt_sources' are ignored.
- `catalog_app_categories` (List of String) ENUM: `Instant Messaging`, `eCommerce`, `Content Management`, `Software Development`, `Project Management`, `Marketing`, `CRM`, `Telecommunications`, `Social and Communication`, `Productivity`, `Collaboration`, `Business and Finance`, `Utilities`, `IT Service Management`, `Social Networking`, `Office Document and Productivity`, `Cloud File Sharing`, `Web Meetings`, `Identity and Access Management`, `IT Services and Hosting`, `Webmail`, `Website Builder`, `Human Capital Management`, `Sales and CRM`, `E-commerce and Accounting`, `Streaming Media`, `Cloud Storage`, `Operations Management`, `Online Meeting`, `Supply Chain`, `Security and Compliance`, `Entertainment and Lifestyle`, `System and Network`, `Retail and Consumer Services`, `Health and Benefits`, `Data and Analytics`, `Education and References`, `Personal instant messaging`, `Legal`, `Other`, `Hosting Services`, `News and Media`, `Sales`, `Enterprise Resource Planning`, `Advertising`, `Travel and Transportation`, `Property Management`, `Government Services`, `Games`, `Code Hosting`.
List of catalog app categories the URL filtering rule should restrict.
- `catalog_app_risk` (Number) Risk threshold to be used to restrict all catalog apps which has that risk or higher.
- `cloud_apps` (List of String) List of [cloud apps](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/cloud_app) which the URL filtering rule should restrict.
- `countries` (List of String) A list of countries in which this rule should be applied. Each country should be represented by a Alpha-2 code (ISO-3166). Enum: `AD`,`AE`,`AF`,`AG`,`AI`,`AL`,`AM`,`AO`,`AQ`,`AR`,`AS`,`AT`,`AU`,`AW`,`AX`,`AZ`,`BA`,`BB`,`BD`,`BE`,`BF`,`BG`,`BH`,`BI`,`BJ`,`BL`,`BM`,`BN`,`BO`,`BQ`,`BR`,`BS`,`BT`,`BV`,`BW`,`BY`,`BZ`,`CA`,`CC`,`CD`,`CF`,`CG`,`CH`,`CI`,`CK`,`CL`,`CM`,`CN`,`CO`,`CR`,`CU`,`CV`,`CW`,`CX`,`CY`,`CZ`,`DE`,`DJ`,`DK`,`DM`,`DO`,`DZ`,`EC`,`EE`,`EG`,`EH`,`ER`,`ES`,`ET`,`FI`,`FJ`,`FK`,`FM`,`FO`,`FR`,`GA`,`GB`,`GD`,`GE`,`GF`,`GG`,`GH`,`GI`,`GL`,`GM`,`GN`,`GP`,`GQ`,`GR`,`GS`,`GT`,`GU`,`GW`,`GY`,`HK`,`HM`,`HN`,`HR`,`HT`,`HU`,`ID`,`IE`,`IL`,`IM`,`IN`,`IO`,`IQ`,`IR`,`IS`,`IT`,`JE`,`JM`,`JO`,`JP`,`KE`,`KG`,`KH`,`KI`,`KM`,`KN`,`KP`,`KR`,`KW`,`KY`,`KZ`,`LA`,`LB`,`LC`,`LI`,`LK`,`LR`,`LS`,`LT`,`LU`,`LV`,`LY`,`MA`,`MC`,`MD`,`ME`,`MF`,`MG`,`MH`,`MK`,`ML`,`MM`,`MN`,`MO`,`MP`,`MQ`,`MR`,`MS`,`MT`,`MU`,`MV`,`MW`,`MX`,`MY`,`MZ`,`NA`,`NC`,`NE`,`NF`,`NG`,`NI`,`NL`,`NO`,`NP`,`NR`,`NU`,`NZ`,`OM`,`PA`,`PE`,`PF`,`PG`,`PH`,`PK`,`PL`,`PM`,`PN`,`PR`,`PS`,`PT`,`PW`,`PY`,`QA`,`RE`,`RO`,`RS`,`RU`,`RW`,`SA`,`SB`,`SC`,`SD`,`SE`,`SG`,`SH`,`SI`,`SJ`,`SK`,`SL`,`SM`,`SN`,`SO`,`SR`,`SS`,`ST`,`SV`,`SX`,`SY`,`SZ`,`TC`,`TD`,`TF`,`TG`,`TH`,`TJ`,`TK`,`TL`,`TM`,`TN`,`TO`,`TR`,`TT`,`TV`,`TW`,`TZ`,`UA`,`UG`,`UM`,`US`,`UY`,`UZ`,`VA`,`VC`,`VE`,`VG`,`VI`,`VN`,`VU`,`WF`,`WS`,`YE`,`YT`,`ZA`,`ZM`,`ZW`
- `description` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `exempt_sources` (List of String) Subgroup of 'sources' on which the URL filtering rule should not be applied.
- `expires_at` (String) Defines the rule expiration time. This can be useful when creating exceptions for users who need them for a limited period of time as an alternative for full disconnection from the proxy. When no value is given the URL filtering rule will never expire. Takes `RFC3339` (`2006-01-02T15:04:05Z`) date format.
- `filter_expression` (String) Defines filtering expressions to ensure granularity in URL filtering rule application.
These expressions consist of the **{Key:Value}** tags according to the internal and external risk factors obtained from the following sources:

- Proofpoint’s Nexus People Risk Explorer (NPRE).
- Proofpoint’s Targeted Attack Protection (TAP).
- CrowdStrike’s Falcon Zero Trust Assessment (ZTA).
- Configured posture checks.
- User-defined tags.
- Auto-generated tags, such as platform type, device type, etc.
- `forbidden_content_categories` (List of String) List of [content category](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/content_category) IDs which the URL filtering rule should restrict.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String)
- `networks` (List of String) List of source [IP network](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/ip_network) IDs the URL filtering rule applies on
- `priority` (Number) Determines the order in which the URL-filtering rules are evaluated. The order is significant since the first URL-filtering rule that finds a URL restricted is the one to determine which action to execute. Lower priority value means the URL-filtering rule will be evaluated earlier.
- `schedule` (List of String) List of [time frame](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/time_frame) IDs during which the URL filtering rule will be enforced
- `sources` (List of String) Users and groups on which the URL filtering rule should be applied.
- `tenant_restriction` (String) [Tenant restrictions](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/tenant_restriction) for this rule. Only the `RESTRICT` action is allowed when this option is set.
- `threat_categories` (List of String) List of [threat category](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/nsofnetworks/pfptmeta/latest/docs/resources/threat_category) IDs the URL filtering rule will protect against
- `warn_ttl` (Number) Time in minutes during which the warning page is not shown again after user proceeds to URL
