---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfptmeta_device_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Device Management"
description: |-
  The pfptmeta_device_settings resource is a tool with which the administrator can configure user devices.
  Settings related to authentication, access and security can be defined for a specific device, a user, a group of users, or the entire organization.
---

# pfptmeta_device_settings (Resource)

The `pfptmeta_device_settings` resource is a tool with which the administrator can configure user devices.
Settings related to authentication, access and security can be defined for a specific device, a user, a group of users, or the entire organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pfptmeta_device_settings" "ztna_settings" {
  name           = "ZTNA settings"
  description    = "device settings description"
  apply_on_org   = true
  tunnel_mode    = "full"
  ztna_always_on = true
}

resource "pfptmeta_group" "swg_group" {
  name = "group"
}

resource "pfptmeta_device_settings" "swg_settings" {
  name              = "SWG settings"
  apply_to_entities = [pfptmeta_group.swg_group.id]
  proxy_always_on   = true
}

locals {
  identity_provider_id = "idp-123abc"
}

resource "pfptmeta_device_settings" "login_settings" {
  name                       = "Login settings"
  apply_on_org               = true
  overlay_mfa_required       = true
  overlay_mfa_refresh_period = 20
  direct_sso                 = local.identity_provider_id
  vpn_login_browser          = "EXTERNAL"
}

resource "pfptmeta_device_settings" "session_lifetime_settings" {
  name                   = "Session LifeTime settings"
  apply_on_org           = true
  session_lifetime       = 15
  session_lifetime_grace = 3
}

resource "pfptmeta_device_settings" "advanced_settings" {
  name                        = "Advanced settings"
  apply_on_org                = true
  auto_fqdn_domain_names      = [""]
  protocol_selection_lifetime = 10
  search_domains              = ["example1.com", "example2.com"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String)

### Optional

- **apply_on_org** (Boolean) Indicates whether this device setting applies to the org. Note: this attribute overrides `apply_to_entities`.
- **apply_to_entities** (List of String) Entities (users, groups or network elements) to be applied in the device settings.
- **auto_fqdn_domain_names** (List of String) Auto generated fqdn of devices concatenated by {hostname}.{domain_name} (hostname is reported by the agent). use `[""]` to use the reported hostname, or add a domain name to be concatenated with the hostname, or nothing to disable it.
- **description** (String)
- **direct_sso** (String) User authentication is enforced via the selected IdP. The user will be automatically redirected to the IdP login page for authentication. takes Identity Provider ID.
- **enabled** (Boolean)
- **overlay_mfa_refresh_period** (Number) User auth-token lifetime in minutes. During auth-token lifetime, users can (re)connect without entering login credentials. Must be >= 10.
- **overlay_mfa_required** (Boolean) Whether users need to authenticate with their login credentials when they connect. If not required, the authentication is done only with the user's client certificate.
- **protocol_selection_lifetime** (Number) A time period (in minutes) after which the Proofpoint Agent attempts to reconnect using IPsec after previous automatic switchover to TLS.
- **proxy_always_on** (Boolean) Whether to enable the Web Security always-on enforcement on end-user devices.
- **search_domains** (List of String) Domain search list. These domains are used by the device resolver to create a Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) from a relative name. The resolver tries resolving the search domains in the order they are listed. If all resolutions fail, it attempts to resolve the original query name.
- **session_lifetime** (Number) Specify the number of minutes allowed for a user session, since the last user authentication. The session is terminated when session lifetime expires. Must be >= 1
- **session_lifetime_grace** (Number) Specify the number of minutes for a user to get notified before the session is about to expire, due to Session Lifetime. Must be between 0 to 60.
- **tunnel_mode** (String) The mode in which the tunnel will work by. Supported tunnel modes:
	- **split** - Internet traffic is not tunneled, and only traffic to private (mapped) resources is routed through Proofpoint NaaS.
	- **full**- All traffic is tunneled and routed through Proofpoint NaaS.
- **vpn_login_browser** (String) Force login to VPN via agent/external_browser or let the user to decide. Enum: `AGENT`, `EXTERNAL`, `USER_DEFINED`.
- **ztna_always_on** (Boolean) Whether to enforce a persistent connection of end-user device to the ZTNA network.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
