---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Resource pfptmeta_file_scanning_rule - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Web Security Resources"
description: |-
  Enhanced file scanning techniques protect organizations and their end users from downloading the following objects:
  Malware.Files from undesirable sources.Types of files prohibited by organization.
---

# Resource (pfptmeta_file_scanning_rule)

Enhanced file scanning techniques protect organizations and their end users from downloading the following objects:

- Malware.
- Files from undesirable sources.
- Types of files prohibited by organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pfptmeta_file_scanning_rule" "file_scanning" {
  name             = "File scanning"
  description      = "File scanning rule"
  apply_to_org     = true
  block_file_types = ["exe"]
  malware          = "DOWNLOAD"
  priority         = 15
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `malware` (String) Indicates whether malware should be scanned for upload and or download of files. Enum: `DOWNLOAD`, `UPLOAD`, `ALL`
- `name` (String)
- `priority` (Number) Determines the order in which the file scanning rules are evaluated. The order is significant since among all the file scanning rules that are relevant to a specific user, the one with the highest priority (smaller priority value) is the one to determine the file scanning enforcement applied to that user.

### Optional

- `apply_to_org` (Boolean) Indicates whether this file scanning rule applies to the org.
- `block_all_file_types` (Boolean) Indicates whether all file types should get blocked.
- `block_content_types` (List of String) A List of content types. If a URL is found to be categorized under at least of one of them, all file types should get blocked. Enum: `Abortion`, `Abused Drugs`, `Adult and Pornography`, `Alcohol and Tobacco`, `Auctions`, `Business and Economy`, `Cheating`, `Computer and Internet Info`, `Computer and Internet Security`, `Content Delivery Networks`, `Cult and Occult`, `Dating`, `Dead Sites`, `Dynamically Generated Content`, `Educational Institutions`, `Entertainment and Arts`, `Fashion and Beauty`, `Financial Services`, `Gambling`, `Games`, `Government`, `Gross`, `Hacking`, `Hate and Racism`, `Health and Medicine`, `Home and Garden`, `Hunting and Fishing`, `Illegal`, `Image and Video Search`, `Individual Stock Advice and Tools`, `Internet Portals`, `Internet Communications`, `Job Search`, `Kids`, `Legal`, `Local Information`, `Marijuana`, `Military`, `Motor Vehicles`, `Music`, `News and Media`, `Nudity`, `Online Greeting Cards`, `Parked Domains`, `Pay to Surf`, `Personal sites and Blogs`, `Personal Storage`, `Philosophy and Political Advocacy`, `Questionable`, `Real Estate`, `Recreation and Hobbies`, `Reference and Research`, `Religion`, `Search Engines`, `Sex Education`, `Shareware and Freeware`, `Shopping`, `Social Networking`, `Society`, `Sports`, `Streaming Media`, `Swimsuits and Intimate Apparel`, `Training and Tools`, `Translation`, `Travel`, `Violence`, `Weapons`, `Web Advertisements`, `Web-based Email`, `Web Hosting`
- `block_countries` (List of String) A list of countries to which all file types should get blocked. Each country should be represented by a Alpha-2 code (ISO-3166). Enum: `AD`,`AE`,`AF`,`AG`,`AI`,`AL`,`AM`,`AO`,`AQ`,`AR`,`AS`,`AT`,`AU`,`AW`,`AX`,`AZ`,`BA`,`BB`,`BD`,`BE`,`BF`,`BG`,`BH`,`BI`,`BJ`,`BL`,`BM`,`BN`,`BO`,`BQ`,`BR`,`BS`,`BT`,`BV`,`BW`,`BY`,`BZ`,`CA`,`CC`,`CD`,`CF`,`CG`,`CH`,`CI`,`CK`,`CL`,`CM`,`CN`,`CO`,`CR`,`CU`,`CV`,`CW`,`CX`,`CY`,`CZ`,`DE`,`DJ`,`DK`,`DM`,`DO`,`DZ`,`EC`,`EE`,`EG`,`EH`,`ER`,`ES`,`ET`,`FI`,`FJ`,`FK`,`FM`,`FO`,`FR`,`GA`,`GB`,`GD`,`GE`,`GF`,`GG`,`GH`,`GI`,`GL`,`GM`,`GN`,`GP`,`GQ`,`GR`,`GS`,`GT`,`GU`,`GW`,`GY`,`HK`,`HM`,`HN`,`HR`,`HT`,`HU`,`ID`,`IE`,`IL`,`IM`,`IN`,`IO`,`IQ`,`IR`,`IS`,`IT`,`JE`,`JM`,`JO`,`JP`,`KE`,`KG`,`KH`,`KI`,`KM`,`KN`,`KP`,`KR`,`KW`,`KY`,`KZ`,`LA`,`LB`,`LC`,`LI`,`LK`,`LR`,`LS`,`LT`,`LU`,`LV`,`LY`,`MA`,`MC`,`MD`,`ME`,`MF`,`MG`,`MH`,`MK`,`ML`,`MM`,`MN`,`MO`,`MP`,`MQ`,`MR`,`MS`,`MT`,`MU`,`MV`,`MW`,`MX`,`MY`,`MZ`,`NA`,`NC`,`NE`,`NF`,`NG`,`NI`,`NL`,`NO`,`NP`,`NR`,`NU`,`NZ`,`OM`,`PA`,`PE`,`PF`,`PG`,`PH`,`PK`,`PL`,`PM`,`PN`,`PR`,`PS`,`PT`,`PW`,`PY`,`QA`,`RE`,`RO`,`RS`,`RU`,`RW`,`SA`,`SB`,`SC`,`SD`,`SE`,`SG`,`SH`,`SI`,`SJ`,`SK`,`SL`,`SM`,`SN`,`SO`,`SR`,`SS`,`ST`,`SV`,`SX`,`SY`,`SZ`,`TC`,`TD`,`TF`,`TG`,`TH`,`TJ`,`TK`,`TL`,`TM`,`TN`,`TO`,`TR`,`TT`,`TV`,`TW`,`TZ`,`UA`,`UG`,`UM`,`US`,`UY`,`UZ`,`VA`,`VC`,`VE`,`VG`,`VI`,`VN`,`VU`,`WF`,`WS`,`YE`,`YT`,`ZA`,`ZM`,`ZW`
- `block_file_types` (List of String) A List of file types to block. Enum: `ace`, `arj`, `bat`, `cab`, `chm`, `contact`, `cpl`, `csv`, `dll`, `doc`, `docb`, `docm`, `docx`, `dot`, `dotm`, `dotx`, `exe`, `gz`, `gzip`, `hta`, `htm`, `html`, `img`, `inetloc`, `iqy`, `iso`, `jar`, `jnlp`, `js`, `lnk`, `mam`, `mht`, `mhtml`, `msi`, `odp`, `ods`, `odt`, `one`, `onepkg`, `pdf`, `php`, `plist`, `pot`, `potm`, `potx`, `ppa`, `ppam`, `pps`, `ppsm`, `ppsx`, `ppt`, `pptm`, `pptx`, `ps`, `ps1`, `ps1xml`, `ps2`, `ps2xml`, `psc1`, `psc2`, `pub`, `py`, `rar`, `reg`, `rtf`, `sh`, `shtm`, `shtml`, `slk`, `swf`, `vb`, `vbe`, `vbs`, `vbscript`, `vcard`, `vcf`, `vcs`, `vhd`, `vhdx`, `wll`, `wmv`, `xht`, `xla`, `xlam`, `xll`, `xlm`, `xls`, `xlsb`, `xlsm`, `xlsx`, `xlt`, `xltm`, `xltx`, `xps`, `xxe`, `zip`
- `block_threat_types` (List of String) A List of threat types. If a URL is found to be categorized under at least of one of them, all file types should get blocked. Enum: `Abused TLD`, `Bitcoin Related`, `Blackhole`, `Botnets`, `Brute Forcer`, `Chat Server`, `CnC`, `Compromised`, `DDoS Target`, `Drop`, `DynDNS`, `EXE Source`, `Fake AV`, `IP Check`, `Keyloggers and Monitoring`, `Malware Sites`, `Mobile CnC`, `Mobile Spyware CnC`, `Online Gaming`, `P2P CnC`, `Peer to Peer`, `Parking`, `Phishing and Other Frauds`, `Private IP Addresses`, `Proxy Avoidance and Anonymizers`, `Remote Access Service`, `Scanner`, `Self Signed SSL`, `SPAM URLs`, `Spyware and Adware`, `Tor`, `Undesirable`, `Utility`, `VPN`
- `block_unsupported_files` (Boolean) Indicates whether unsupported files should get blocked. It includes unsupported file types, files that are too big to be scanned and possibly other unsupported conditions.
- `cloud_apps` (List of String) List of cloud apps on which to apply the file scanning rule.
- `description` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `exempt_sources` (List of String) Subgroup of 'sources' on which the file scanning rule should not be applied.
- `filter_expression` (String) Defines filtering expressions to ensure granularity in file scanning rule application.
These expressions consist of the **{Key:Value}** tags according to the internal and external risk factors obtained from the following sources:

	- Proofpoint’s Nexus People Risk Explorer (NPRE).
	- Proofpoint’s Targeted Attack Protection (TAP).
	- CrowdStrike’s Falcon Zero Trust Assessment (ZTA).
	- Configured posture checks.
	- User-defined tags.
	- Auto-generated tags, such as platform type, device type, etc.
- `max_file_size_mb` (Number) The maximal size of a file in MB to scan. Any file larger than this threshold will get blocked. If not specified, no limit on maximal file size is enforced.
- `sandbox_file_types` (List of String) A List of file types to sandbox. Enum: `cmd`, `com`, `exe`, `msi`, `rar`
- `sources` (List of String) Users and groups on which the file scanning rule should be applied.
- `timeout_policy` (String) Whether to prevent or allow execution of the current file handling rule if it runs over the time limit (1 minute). Enum: `PASS`, `BLOCK`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
