---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Resource pfptmeta_threat_category - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Web Security Resources"
description: |-
  The administrators can enhance filtering capabilities by adding web threat categories to the access rules. By creating objects for triggering a violation based on threat categories, the administrator can protect their users from hostile activities by reducing malware infections, neutralizing phishing attempts, preventing botnet takeovers and so on. Proofpoint Meta provides three default threat classes (permissive, moderate and strict), each with its own list of preset web threats.
---

# Resource (pfptmeta_threat_category)

The administrators can enhance filtering capabilities by adding web threat categories to the access rules. By creating objects for triggering a violation based on threat categories, the administrator can protect their users from hostile activities by reducing malware infections, neutralizing phishing attempts, preventing botnet takeovers and so on. Proofpoint Meta provides three default threat classes (permissive, moderate and strict), each with its own list of preset web threats.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pfptmeta_threat_category" "tc" {
  name             = "threat category"
  description      = "threat category description"
  confidence_level = "HIGH"
  risk_level       = "MEDIUM"
  countries        = ["AF", "EG"]
  types            = ["Peer to Peer", "Scanner"]
  third_party_app  = ["MALICIOUS"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `confidence_level` (String) Provides the accuracy degree for recognizing the selected traffic type as threat, as defined by the security engines. This can be used to reduce potential false-positives or fine-tune the system to suit better for the company’s specific needs. By enabling this feature, the administrator defines a tolerance threshold (low, medium or high). When the threshold is crossed, a rule violation is triggered. ENUM: `LOW`, `MEDIUM`, `HIGH`.
- `countries` (List of String) A list of countries to which access should be restricted. Each country should be represented by a Alpha-2 code (ISO-3166). Enum: `AD`,`AE`,`AF`,`AG`,`AI`,`AL`,`AM`,`AO`,`AQ`,`AR`,`AS`,`AT`,`AU`,`AW`,`AX`,`AZ`,`BA`,`BB`,`BD`,`BE`,`BF`,`BG`,`BH`,`BI`,`BJ`,`BL`,`BM`,`BN`,`BO`,`BQ`,`BR`,`BS`,`BT`,`BV`,`BW`,`BY`,`BZ`,`CA`,`CC`,`CD`,`CF`,`CG`,`CH`,`CI`,`CK`,`CL`,`CM`,`CN`,`CO`,`CR`,`CU`,`CV`,`CW`,`CX`,`CY`,`CZ`,`DE`,`DJ`,`DK`,`DM`,`DO`,`DZ`,`EC`,`EE`,`EG`,`EH`,`ER`,`ES`,`ET`,`FI`,`FJ`,`FK`,`FM`,`FO`,`FR`,`GA`,`GB`,`GD`,`GE`,`GF`,`GG`,`GH`,`GI`,`GL`,`GM`,`GN`,`GP`,`GQ`,`GR`,`GS`,`GT`,`GU`,`GW`,`GY`,`HK`,`HM`,`HN`,`HR`,`HT`,`HU`,`ID`,`IE`,`IL`,`IM`,`IN`,`IO`,`IQ`,`IR`,`IS`,`IT`,`JE`,`JM`,`JO`,`JP`,`KE`,`KG`,`KH`,`KI`,`KM`,`KN`,`KP`,`KR`,`KW`,`KY`,`KZ`,`LA`,`LB`,`LC`,`LI`,`LK`,`LR`,`LS`,`LT`,`LU`,`LV`,`LY`,`MA`,`MC`,`MD`,`ME`,`MF`,`MG`,`MH`,`MK`,`ML`,`MM`,`MN`,`MO`,`MP`,`MQ`,`MR`,`MS`,`MT`,`MU`,`MV`,`MW`,`MX`,`MY`,`MZ`,`NA`,`NC`,`NE`,`NF`,`NG`,`NI`,`NL`,`NO`,`NP`,`NR`,`NU`,`NZ`,`OM`,`PA`,`PE`,`PF`,`PG`,`PH`,`PK`,`PL`,`PM`,`PN`,`PR`,`PS`,`PT`,`PW`,`PY`,`QA`,`RE`,`RO`,`RS`,`RU`,`RW`,`SA`,`SB`,`SC`,`SD`,`SE`,`SG`,`SH`,`SI`,`SJ`,`SK`,`SL`,`SM`,`SN`,`SO`,`SR`,`SS`,`ST`,`SV`,`SX`,`SY`,`SZ`,`TC`,`TD`,`TF`,`TG`,`TH`,`TJ`,`TK`,`TL`,`TM`,`TN`,`TO`,`TR`,`TT`,`TV`,`TW`,`TZ`,`UA`,`UG`,`UM`,`US`,`UY`,`UZ`,`VA`,`VC`,`VE`,`VG`,`VI`,`VN`,`VU`,`WF`,`WS`,`YE`,`YT`,`ZA`,`ZM`,`ZW`
- `description` (String)
- `risk_level` (String) Indicates the risk level that the security engines have for any particular site. By enabling this feature, the administrator sets a tolerance threshold (low, medium or high). When the threshold is crossed, a rule violation is triggered. ENUM: `LOW`, `MEDIUM`, `HIGH`.
- `third_party_app` (String) Prevent third party app autherization from malicious applications. When value is None the feature is disabled. ENUM: `MALICIOUS`
- `types` (List of String) A list of predefined threat types to protect against. Enum:`Abused TLD`,`Bitcoin Related`,`Blackhole`,`Botnets`,`Brute Forcer`,`Chat Server`,`CnC`,`Compromised`,`DDoS Target`,`Drop`,`DynDNS`,`EXE Source`,`Fake AV`,`IP Check`,`Keyloggers and Monitoring`,`Malware Sites`,`Mobile CnC`,`Mobile Spyware CnC`,`Online Gaming`,`P2P CnC`,`Peer to Peer`,`Parking`,`Phishing and Other Frauds`,`Private IP Addresses`,`Proxy Avoidance and Anonymizers`,`Remote Access Service`,`Scanner`,`Self Signed SSL`,`SPAM URLs`,`Spyware and Adware`,`Tor`,`Undesirable`,`Utility`,`VPN`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
