---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfptmeta_user_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pfptmeta"
subcategory: "Administration"
description: |-
  The pfptmeta_user_settings resource is a tool with which the administrator can configure specific user settings for particular groups.
  For example, an organization’s security policy may require that a specific contractor’s group is prompted for re-authentication after x minutes, or that this group of users can only log in from a single device or x number of devices.
  In addition, the administrator can choose the type of authentication factor that should be applied or if users can only log in using SSO.
---

# pfptmeta_user_settings (Resource)

The `pfptmeta_user_settings` resource is a tool with which the administrator can configure specific user settings for particular groups.
For example, an organization’s security policy may require that a specific contractor’s group is prompted for re-authentication after x minutes, or that this group of users can only log in from a single device or x number of devices.
In addition, the administrator can choose the type of authentication factor that should be applied or if users can only log in using SSO.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pfptmeta_user_settings" "swg_settings" {
  name         = "SWG settings"
  description  = "device settings description"
  apply_on_org = true
  proxy_pops   = "POPS_WITH_DEDICATED_IPS"
}

resource "pfptmeta_group" "ztna_group" {
  name = "group"
}

resource "pfptmeta_user_settings" "ztna_settings" {
  name                 = "ZTNA settings"
  apply_to_entities    = [pfptmeta_group.ztna_group.id]
  max_devices_per_user = "5"
  prohibited_os        = ["macOS", "iOS"]
}

resource "pfptmeta_user_settings" "login_settings" {
  name                = "Login settings"
  apply_on_org        = true
  sso_mandatory       = true
  mfa_required        = true
  allowed_factors     = ["SMS"]
  password_expiration = 30
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String)

### Optional

- **allowed_factors** (List of String) When users are configured to authenticate locally with MFA, you can choose which second authentication factors will be visible to this user group. The allowed values are: `SMS`, `SOFTWARE_TOTP`, `VOICECALL`, `EMAIL`.
This applies ONLY to local Proofpoint accounts, not to accounts that authenticate via external IdPs (SSO).
- **apply_on_org** (Boolean) Indicates whether this user setting applies to the entire org. Note: this attribute overrides `apply_to_entities`.
- **apply_to_entities** (List of String) Entities (users, groups or network elements) that the user settings will be applied to.
- **description** (String)
- **enabled** (Boolean)
- **max_devices_per_user** (String) Integer wrapped as string. Provides the administrator the flexibility to restrict how many devices the user can own or authenticate from.
- **mfa_required** (Boolean) Forces the user for second factor authentication when logging in to Proofpoint NaaS. Enabling this enforces the user to authenticate also by a second factor, as specified by `allowed_factors` parameter.
- **password_expiration** (Number) Allows the administrator to set how often (in days) the end user should set a new login password.
- **prohibited_os** (List of String) Allows the administrator to select operating systems which are prohibited from onboarding. ENUM: `Android`, `macOS`, `iOS`, `Linux`, `Windows`, `ChromeOS`
- **proxy_pops** (String) Type of proxy_pops the user will use:
	- **ALL_POPS** - connect to the nearest Point-of-Presence regardless to whether this PoP was upgraded for static IP use or not.	- **POPS_WITH_DEDICATED_IPS** - enable the use of PoPs with dedicated IP ranges provided by Proofpoint.
- **sso_mandatory** (Boolean) Force the user into SSO authentication, via the configured IdP. If this option is enabled and the user attempts to login without SSO, the following message is displayed: *Login without SSO is not allowed by system administrator*.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
